Feature - skip request tracking attribute (#202)
arcus-azure/arcus.webapi: docs/preview/features/logging.md

        });

        ...

        app.UseMvc();
    }
}
```

> **Skipping certain routes**

Reviewer: Just out of curiosity, why are we not doing this?
```suggestion
### Skipping certain routes
```

> The request tracking middleware can be disabled for certain endpoints (operation and/or controller level). This can come in handy if you have certain endpoints with rather large request bodies or want to boost performace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can opt-out for request tracking on one or more endpoints (operation and/or controller level).

This can come in handy if you have certain endpoints with rather large request bodies or want to boost performance or are constantly probed to monitor the application.
```

> This can be achieved by placing the `SkipRequestTrackingAttribute` on the endpoint of your choosing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This can easily be done by using the `SkipRequestTrackingAttribute` on the endpoint or controller of your choosing.
```

```csharp
[ApiController]
public class OrderController : ControllerBase
{
    [HttpPost]
    [SkipRequestTracking]
    public IActionResult BigPost()
    {
        Stream bigRequestBody = Request.Body;
        return Ok();
    }
}
```

> **Customization**

Reviewer: Just out of curiosity, why are we not doing this?
```suggestion
### Customization
```
